Law of Power #01: Never outshine the master.
Law of Power #02: Never put too much trust in friends, learn how to use enemies.
Law of Power #03: Conceal your intentions.
Law of Power #04: Always say less than necessary.
Law of Power #05: So much depends on reputation--guard it with your life.
Law of Power #06: Court attention at all cost.
Law of Power #07: Get others to do the work for you, but always take the credit.
Law of Power #08: Make other people come to you--use bait if necessary.
Law of Power #09: Win through your actions, never through argument.
Law of Power #10: Infection: Avoid the unhappy and unlucky.
Law of Power #11: Learn to keep people dependent on you.
Law of Power #12: Use selective honesty and generosity to disarm your victim.
Law of Power #13: When asking for help, appeal to people's self-interest, never to their mercy or gratitude.
Law of Power #14: Pose as a friend, work as a spy.
Law of Power #15: Crush your enemy totally.
Law of Power #16: Use absence to increase respect and honor.
Law of Power #17: Keep others in suspended terror: Cultivate an air of unpredictability.
Law of Power #18: Do not build fortresses to protect yourself--isolation is dangerous.
Law of Power #19: Know who you're dealing with--do not offend the wrong person.
Law of Power #20: Do not commit to anyone.
Law of Power #21: Play a sucker to catch a sucker--seem dumber than your mark.
Law of Power #22: Use the surrender tactic: Transform weakness into power.
Law of Power #23: Concentrate your forces.
Law of Power #24: Play the perfect courtier.
Law of Power #25: Re-create yourself.
Law of Power #26: Keep your hands clean.
Law of Power #27: Play on people's need to believe to create a cultlike following.
Law of Power #28: Enter action with boldness.
Law of Power #29: Plan all the way to the end.
Law of Power #30: Make accomplishments seem effortless.
Law of Power #31: Control the options: Get others to play with the cards you deal.
Law of Power #32: Play to people's fantasies.
Law of Power #33: Discover each man's thumbscrew.
Law of Power #34: Be royal in your own fashion: Act like a king to be treated like one.
Law of Power #35: Master the art of timing.
Law of Power #36: Disdain things you cannot have: Ignoring them is the best revenge.
Law of Power #37: Create compelling spectacles.
Law of Power #38: Think as you like but behave like others.
Law of Power #39: Stir up waters to catch fish.
Law of Power #40: Despise the free lunch.
Law of Power #41: Avoid stepping into a great man's shoes.
Law of Power #42: Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter.
Law of Power #43: Work on the hearts and minds of others.
Law of Power #44: Disarm and infuriate with the mirror effect.
Law of Power #45: Preach the need for change, but never reform too much at once.
Law of Power #46: Never appear too perfect.
Law of Power #47: Do not go past the mark you aimed for; in victory, learn when to stop.
Law of Power #48: Assume formlessness.
Entropy is not on your side.
One game at a time.
The more you do the more you can do.
Drop by drop the bucket gets filled.
Now is the envy of all of the dead.
Seek happiness in sorrow. Work, work tirelessly.
A life oriented to leisure is in the end a life oriented to death--the greatest leisure of all.
Every day we change the world.
More is lost by indecision than wrong decision.
Everything you do matters.
You are the blood of the dragon, you can make a hat.
When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
The concept of waiting bewilders me.
Put your oxygen mask on first.
When action is the priority, vanity falls away.
Move fast, break things.
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
Program or be programmed.
Not today.
Power belongs to those who take it.
Avoid boredom.
Friends don't lie.
Sucks to suck.
New laws changed nothing in Jonesboro, but new men were changing everything.
It is chiefly to my confidence in men and my ability to inspire their confidence in me that I owe my success in life.
If they don't have books, don't fuck 'em.
Excellence is not an act but a habit.
You are only as good as your nemesis.
Clean your room.
The human heart in conflict with itself is the only thing worth writing about.
Being nice is something stupid people do to hedge their bets.
Rage against the dying of the light.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
Maximum effort.
A man must constantly exceed his level.
Persistently, patiently, you are bound to succeed.
It is the nature of man to rise to greatness if greatness is expected of him.
Gotta risk it for the biscuit.
Engineering is the bottleneck.
What's life without work?
We are not descended from fearful men.
"It is not the works, but the belief which is here decisive and determines the order of rank--to employ once more an old religious formula with a new and deeper meaning,--it is some fundamental certainty which a noble soul has about itself, something which is not to be sought, is not to be found, and perhaps, also, is not to be lost. The noble soul has reverence for itself."\n--Friedrich Nietzche, Beyond Good and Evil\n\nThis view of man has rarely been expressed in human history. Today, it is virtually non-existent. Yet this is the view with which--in various degrees of longing, wistfulness, passion and agonizing confusion--the best of mankind's youth start out in life. It is not even a view, for most of them, but a foggy, groping, undefined sense made of raw pain and incommunicable happiness. It is a sense of enormous expectation, the sense that one's life is important, that great achievements are within one's capacity, and that great things lie ahead.\n\n...Some give up at the first touch of pressure; some sell out; some run down by imperceptible degrees and lose their fire, never knowing when or how they lost it. Then all of these vanish in the vast swamp of their elders who tell them persistently that maturity consists of abandoning one's mind; security, of abandoning one's values; practicality, of losing self-esteem. Yet a few hold on and move on, knowing that that fire is not to be betrayed, learning how to give it shape, purpose and reality. But whatever their future, at the dawn of their lives, men seek a noble vision of man's nature and of life's potential.
The real use of gunpowder is to make all men tall.
The concept of total control is *erotic* to me.
If money can't buy happiness, I guess I'll have to rent it.
The real damage is done by those millions who want to "survive." The honest men who just want to be left in peace. Those who don't want their little lives disturbed by anything bigger than themselves. Those with no sides and no causes. Those who won't take measure of their own strength, for fear of antagonizing their own weakness. Those who don't like to make waves -- or enemies. Those for whom freedom, honor, truth, and principles are only literature. Those who live small, mate small, die small. It's the reductionist approach to life: if you keep it small, you'll keep it under control. If you don't make any noise, the bogeyman won't find you. But it's all an illusion, because they die too, those people who roll up their spirits into tiny little balls so as to be safe. Safe?! From what? Life is always on the edge of death; narrow streets lead to the same place as wide avenues, and a little candle burns itself out just like a flaming torch does. I choose my own way to burn.
